Glass Halos (splintered)

The man explored the trash bin for something to read. The words from earlier remained, but dying--soon to fade. Conscious of his behavior, he searched around for any worrying glances from strangers. Finding a welcome isolation, he dug deeper. Past the leftover meal and the receipts and all the paper dirtied by the world, but not by ink. Violently thrashing his face upwards--coughing blood into the air. The man stood calm and watchful, slowly looking downwards again and peering farther and further into where the dark made a home.Nothing worth spending time for. Rub hands o the brick wall to the right. Confirm n'ones watching. The misting rain and the halogen street lamps made halos together for the man to admire and make words for.

Scintillate
        very late
Brazen
        freezing

Late was his condition. Freezing was not. HIs exposed neck and jaw bled a humble steam into the air, attempting to meet the halos above. If they ever did, the man did nor see, he broke feelings unto the world in front of him. A grace typically foreign to the 2 am neighborhood. Blackness and anonymous--veins and pains--amid and all through the night. If you stood on the road as he passes, you would wonder whether he attracted the color of opened bread or opened flesh--both followed at an inmate distance.

Congregated
        Emaciated
Secluded
        Concluded



A Blackened Leaf
	
	Ash slowly falling from a cigarette, smoke rising in serpentine forms. Outside, a flickering streetlight catching the rain in it's halo. With the light off momentarily, the darkness encroached – filling the street below and buildings above with a sickened tar.  
	"Christ, I'm tired," growled the detective as he looked out the window. His office occupied the 5th floor of the block, and on nights like this he wished it was just slightly higher up – five stories would hurt, but wouldn’t guarantee a clean death. The detective lazily eyed the nails in the windowsill, hammered there himself, what was it? Three years ago? Five? It didn't matter. Time had done it's damage, had burst open his door and demanded payment. It had got it. The detective was worn out and old. Too damn old to stay in this business. Time was no longer his concern. What he cared about took the form of cold metal. Specifically metal that flew at and around him whenever he got on the wrong side of something. Whether that be the cartels, the accountants, or the law itself didn't matter. All of them resulted in the same thing. He glanced over at his door, and at the bonsai tree tucked away in the corner. 
	Where the hell had that come from? He wondered. Whether a gift from a (grateful) ingratiated client, or an adoption from a raid, he could not remember. The tree itself was healthy enough, though a bit weathered and unkempt. It didn’t seem to mind sharing an office with the detective, and he was glad enough that it stayed to itself and didn’t cause trouble.
	A deep, slow purr wound it's way from the radiator, a purr that the detective was always
happy to hear. He leaned over and patted the orange and black tabby warming itself by the desk. It had been a good companion for several years now, staying out of the way when things got rough, and staying close by when things were quiet.
	It's quiet now by god, thought the detective, let it stay this way just a while longer. He began to doze off, listening to the tip – tap – tip of the rain outside, imagining a world where all that existed was the warm purring of a cat...
	The window exploded inwards, sending a ricocheting cascade of glass and noise everywhere. The walls on his left and right gave way to (bullet, richocheting) fragments flying in and out and all through and off. The door remained shut, until exploding in flames and debris, splintering and throwing each hand painted letter of D E T E C T I V E to separate sides of the now demolished office. Throughout all the destruction and reverberations, (throughout it all,) the bonsai tree remained standing.  

	He didn’t think, he didn’t question. All he did was throw himself to the ground, over the cat, while all around him grew cataclysmic shuddering, tearing at his exposed arms and legs, throwing his insides inside out. The shifting beneath him, whether feline or floorboards moving around, did not help his predicament. Eyes closed shut beneath flashes of light, he could feel a singing heat by his left hand, the south side wall was on fire, and was catching his jacket sleeve, burning his wrist. The detective moved away, towards the desk, towards the only thing still standing. And suddenly it was over. He sat up and saw for a moment thousands of pages, from files, from books, shredded and flying all around him. Some ending up near the open flames, spreading it to more than a third of the room. And what else? Four walls all but torn down, no glass left unbroken, and the cat? He looked down for the body of his companion, finding it absent. 
	Where had that godamned thing went? Where is it? God... -- What in all the hells is --
	The detective stopped looking for the cat, for what he saw moving outside on the street, five stories below, sent a chill up his spine.
	What is that? 


The Snapping of Wood

The nervous man drove through the rain. Each drop hitting his vehicle, illuminated ever so briefly before striking. Every drop signaling his time drawing to a close. On roads he knew not. The nervous man drove through the rain, through the night on roads he had never seen before. He was far from home. 
`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:':;.
	`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:':;.
		`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:':;.
			`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:':;.
				`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'`':;.,.;:'
Rain-soaked snow fell loudly from creaking pines, pines laden with crushing melt. His sputtering car whined loudly as it pushed feverishly through icy'd banks. The nervous man began crying softly, for he wished dearly to be anywhere but where he was. He was lost and had been lost for far too long. He wanted to be home, to be warm and at home. Stopping meant being alone in the dreaful night surrounded by night and by cold. So he pushed onward.



(Bones, Trees) snapped and demons laughed as suffering enevloped the man's soul. The nervous man (died, fell) in the rain, on roads he had never seen before. He was far from home.




	"The beginning of the universe was an ending of all thing previous -- a death of all the worlds that were, all the beings that sang, and everything everywhere ceased to be for this universe to come into existance. At the time of creation, you could see all that would be. Every rise and fall, every breath of all things great and inconsequential. And if you looked behind, you would see all that ever was, all you had ever known. Past glories of conquest made black, romances that cut deep and red, children born of races and societies never again to be realized. It is painful to think of all that, of everything held dear, every thing you ever cared about, reduced to a nothingness so vast, that nothing could fill it. Nothing but a entirelly new constellation of worlds and galaxies, strewn across and over eachother, with no resemblance to anything that was. That's how it is."
	“Huh.” replied he detective. He was deeply moved.
	A strange silence grew between the two. Both had said what was needed to be said, in their own way. 



In the end lie flowers and blood:
Spy the broken bodies
	'neath the gardens of beauty.

Do not go looking for more, young
doe. Look here for all you desire
	'neath the stars that know
					   your name.

Your suffering will mean nothing.
to strange mountains and skies, I
	can see them all burning your
		life from you.

Your home carries your name, will
you let it forget? Lose your name
	in the night that carries you
		to the teeth of monsters. 

The Faeries of took great pride in their flowers. On the day of their birth, each faerie child was bestowed a crown of flowers grown in the home of their 


2-9 sat mountain sports