My love,
I wonder what you would say to me now
after spending a lifetime together
A lifetime of love and belonging.
What would you say to my lonely self.


Say that we loved eachother and cared above all else for eachother
that we were happy and beautiful together.
Whicper to me that all will be well and hold me in your arms, my love,
becuse I am so afraid that we will never be, that we will never find one


another.
I want so much to be with you for all th years ahead.


What would you say to me now.
Let me know that I loved and was loved by the most wonderful friend I could


ever have.
I love you with all my heart, my love, my love.  




You silly boy;
I do not care that you fall short in
your perfections, and I ask:
will you fail (fall) again, as a flower blooms
too late in the season
and wilts at the first frost
never blossoming, closed forever.


You shy boy;
the bees may care if they cannot plunder
your pollen,
buzzing away for the sweater meadows
but I am not a bee, so I may
freely fly
to wherever I choose: and the flowers all beckon
in such lovely ways, their shimmering forms all
multiply when I pass by, held aloft
by the brazen sun; watch as I create
constellations of amber spectrum'd fires, all.
(“)Sing a song of rapture and melancholy, my buds,
with the heights of all joy and the depths of all sadness.(“)
And yet, do my crowd'd flowers obey?


No, my boy;
they fall so deathly silent,
for they know not the words I speak
the desires I feel
the needs I whisper in so lost and fruitless a manner to the
speckl'd blossoms and their
color'd, flying, strip'd friends
So you find me wandering,


Sly boy,
you who ly alone, blushing by yourself
with every caress of the wind, closed off from
the kiss of the rain and the (embrace) cradle of the
leaf; falling as a memory of grace.
But to you it is just a shameful reminder of all that could have been
of all the affection that you missed
in your years of isolation
and that you think will never come to fruition.


Lovey, lonely boy;
May i be your Spring? May i warm your
blood and blushen your face?
May we revel in the lengthening sunlight and
love eternal in the comforting nights? Sing for me the songs i
so wish to hear,
and watch as we shake the time from the twilight and the light from the dawn.
Let us ly, and watch now for the setting of
the constellations, as they the flowers close their arms, bracing for the coldness ahead,
observe now the bees
as they return to their nests, satitated and satisfied.
Who are we but the lonesome pair at the edge of the (our) world (Paradise)?
    With your embrace and mine
            finding eachother for the warmth
                     of
                            all
                                    the
                                            lifetimes
                                            ahead. (the other).


"Home and Hearth"
